observing the sun is a very old practice
so ancient that the ancestral cultures of Egypt were already
india and america
among them mexico and peru
they did it with healing purposes of veneration or spiritual development
nowadays
this practice is spreading throughout the world
because of the impact that the Hindu caused
irak rafa mané
who three times
has shown the science that it is possible to live for several months without eating
food
and only the energy that sunlight and water provide
also
ensures that his technique known as are hi5
provides mental health
physical and spiritual development to the human being
even
could affect to identify the aging process
interesting as it seems
It is important that the observation of the sun is carried out safely
informer
as long as the witness
about the recommendation is that rasta mané expires
interests
First
they have to know that the sun is now observed safe from low radiation
ultraviolet
what happens in the first hour after sunrise
and the hour before sunset
on the first day the sun is observed ten seconds
on the second day twenty seconds
and so on
adding 10 seconds per day
When you have completed three months of seeing the sun you will have reached 15 minutes
solar observation
according to the creator of the technique
at this time you will have achieved in the first stage of the process
with what you get mental salut
stop bombing the body with negativity
that little voice in our head
which is continuously comparing
judging not envying
frightening them with things that could happen to us
They may be silent
this agreement yesterday to state mané
the person comes off
of your insecurities
fears depressions jealousy and in pitillas
at this time you are ready for the second stage
that will allow you to achieve physical health
again with a relaxed look
preferably of the foot and barefoot
although you can also sit on a chair
advisable in bed looking through the window glass
in the case of sick people
look at the sun
with respect intention
increasing 10 seconds
at 15 minutes that he had already achieved in his first stage
continued to increase and 10 seconds per day for another three months
in the end
will have added six months of observation of the sun king
and will have completed the second stage
with 30 minutes of solar observation
based on the experience of irak to mané
you can get physical health
since the body is loaded with positive energy
basis of their sustenance for life in harmony
and you can even aim to slow down the aging process
or to slow it down
what is logical
if we consider that exposure to sunlight suárez
allows the body to charge of sheraton girl
necessary substance
so that the pineal gland
located in the center of the brain secrete melatonin at night
melatonin allows us to sleep well
combat insomnia
It is proven to be a powerful antioxidant
if at this stage of the process you are satisfied with the results
obtained
and the pressure on top
advise stop
the doctor a maintenance technique
consist of looking at the sun only 15 minutes two or three times a week
progressively decreasing the exposure of the 30 minutes achieved
at 15 minutes now recommended
walk barefoot on dry land and users
if what is intended is spiritual development
continues with the third stage of the process
at 30 minutes of observation of the sun achieved
increase of 10 seconds more per day
for another three months
will have completed nine months of seeing the sun king
for 45 minutes
by then the third layer of ozone prison will be concluded
and okay there the rat mané
will receive special actions the awakening of his conscience
and even
the possibility of stopping eating